hey guys puzzle balls back with another
video and today we'll be doing dragon
zombie on master mastering legend are
exactly the same if uses a team that I'm
using as we switch this over but for the
sake of time I will be doing it on
master just because it takes a lot
longer on the other difficulty either
you can I think what ancient dragon I'd
zeal I think you can use I think that's
a green one you can use him or you can
just go to really safe route and use a
team like this which is you know Sonia
has a helper green Sonia and drawn Joker
just because every monster that's done
in this dark is no difference in any of
them you don't need to worry about skill
ups besides the first two and they don't
even need to be max Q but I have to have
is um just a fail-safe in case stuff
gets bad like you need some quick hearts
you turn this down might be able to load
um if you don't if you're not using a
leader that reduces damage you're going
to want to kill these guys as fast as
possible because they do do a lot of
damage they don't have much health but
you know a lot of damage adds up pretty
fast on this game
this boss and then the actual boss
zombie dragon are the longest part about
this but also the easiest part
it's a really simple dungeon oops messed
up reallys on the dungeon
I my edit this for time but I might not
if I do then you'll just be fast forward
and I might tell like a chipmunk
okay and now we're on the final boss
which is zombie dragging himself so all
you do is the same thing you've been
doing just hang out and just try to get
us help them because this is one of the
easiest dungeons I played in a while so
it doesn't matter how much health you
have really but of course the more
healthy habit the better chances you are
not dying in one shot something so at
least have your dragons decently level
they didn't even have to max level like
I have okay doesn't share levels but
we'll go over my team after this dent is
over Sonya is not necessary either this
is pretty farmable team and it works
really well because green Sonia has that
recovery because everyone knows dragons
that air will recover
okay he's one chicken you just try to
call me as much as you can really
they're pretty decent bursts of damage
but you're not gonna one shot it with
this team overboard great way to end the
video when I am just yet but all right
well we didn't get the drop but I have
been forming it on master just because
it's 30 stamina but this team will work
exactly the same way on legend which I
might make a video just for that anyway
but it's pretty simple team also another
thing had to note that everybody on the
team has to be dragons I didn't mention
that earlier but yeah you have to have a
full dragon team and it's not enough for
it to say dragon okay see where it says
at the top dragon / healer it has to say
dragon have got to start on the first
one so just remember that as you can see
i have a little 55 will forty or fifty
three I do have a max one of these is
because I thought to be useful but it's
not really not just ease it for the
health um but I do have what wrong place
right down here couple of dragons on
Israeli Phil try max skillet for Mike
and blue team of course and you can also
use these the bonefish returning to
think devil fish and you can use those
to scale up Rita vitra something that
I'll frats name this guy which I might
just do a max kill one out just because
cuz I'm already getting a lot of trades
anywhere
but yeah hope you guys liked video if
you did make sure to subscribe and I
will have links in the description where
you can check out all my other Twitter
and this and this and also you will
follow my twitch i'll be streaming
sometime tomorrow I was gonna stream
today we're trying our AC fixed we
didn't tear nothing went right today
kind of a bad day but next time I stream
I think everything will be fine so it
won't be a sweaty and tired during a
stream well yeah use the same method for
Legend and you're golden pretty much but
I'm puzzle boss and i'll see you guys in
the next video